{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff13\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs20\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s1\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was GreenSubway.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 1.9.19 (released Nov 20 2007) on Tue Feb 25 15:40:28 2014
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f13\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f13\aftnnar
{\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {3} \par

\par\pard\qc {\fs30 \pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Prediction of passenger density in underground Systems}
\par\pard\qc {\fs24  Andreas Jahn\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Kassel University}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Wilhelmh\'f6her Allee 73}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Kassel, Germany}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {andreas.jahn@comtec.eecs.uni-kassel.de} Stephan Sigg\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {? Institute for Clarity in Documentation? }\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {? P.O. Box 1212? }\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {G\'f6ttingen, Germany}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {stephan.sigg@udo.edu} Klaus David\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Kassel University}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Wilhelmh\'f6her Allee 73}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {Kassel, Germany}\par
\pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {david@uni-kassel.de} }
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 }
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 }
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 }\par
{\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \qc{\b Abstract}\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi0 This paper provides a sample of a {\plain L{\up5\fs16 A}T{\dn6 E}X} document which conforms, somewhat loosely, to the formatting guidelines for ACM SIG Proceedings. It is an {\i alternate} style which produces a {\i tighter-looking} paper and was designed in response to concerns expressed, by authors, over page-budgets. It complements the document {\i Author\rquote s (Alternate) Guide to Preparing ACM SIG Proceedings Using {\plain L{\up5\fs16 A}T{\dn6 E}X}{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {2\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\f6\u-3995\'65}})}}}{\fldrslt }}} and Bib{\plain T{\dn6 E}X}}. This source file has been written with the intention of being compiled under {\plain L{\up5\fs16 A}T{\dn6 E}X}{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {2\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\f6\u-3995\'65}})}}}{\fldrslt }}} and BibTeX.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi300 The developers have tried to include every imaginable sort of \ldblquote bells and whistles", such as a subtitle, footnotes on title, subtitle and authors, as well as in the text, and every optional component (e.g. Acknowledgments, Additional Authors, Appendices), not to mention examples of equations, theorems, tables and figures.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi300 To make best use of this sample document, run it through {\plain L{\up5\fs16 A}T{\dn6 E}X} and BibTeX, and compare this source code with the printed output produced by the dvi file. A compiled PDF version is available on the web page to help you with the \lquote look and feel\rquote .\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb360 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_introduction}1{\*\bkmkend BMsec_introduction}  Introduction\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Introduction\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_stateOfTheArt}2{\*\bkmkend BMsec_stateOfTheArt}  State of the art\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 State of the art\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_results}3{\*\bkmkend BMsec_results}  Results\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Results\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 {\*\bkmkstart BMsec_conclusion}4{\*\bkmkend BMsec_conclusion}  Conclusion\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Conclusion\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 Acknowledgements\par
}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 This work was partially performed in the framework of the project SEAM4US "Sustainable Energy mAnageMent for Underground Stations" (FP7-ICT, EEB-ICT-2011.6.4), which is partly funded by the European Commission. The authors would like to acknowledge the contributions of their colleagues.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 References\par
}{\*\bkmkstart BMsec_references}{\*\bkmkend BMsec_references}\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Generated by bibtex from your \~.bib file. Run latex, then bibtex, then latex twice (to resolve references) to create the \~.bbl file. Insert that \~.bbl file into the .tex source file and comment out the command {\f16 {\\}thebibliography}.\par
}}
